Updates for Kim (#56)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/activity-tracking.adoc

> 

Reviewer: HIDDEN
edited; please compare

= Activity Tracking
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

//WHY is "Activity Tracking" used as both a Level-1 and a Level-2 head? Again, be sure to examine your TOC outline to ensure proper topic hierarchy and nesting//

//The original wording that follows is overly simple and gratuitous; hence, the suggested changes.//

Because B2B transactions communicate sensitive information such as contractual obligations between companies, you need to track and store transmission content and metadata.

 _Metadata_ includes things like the date and time the transmission was sent or received, the identity of the partner, and the success or failure of processing. Uses for this data include:

* Nonrepudiation
* Auditing
* Correlation of acknowledgments
* Error reporting

Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to monitor trading partner transmission activity, comprising the complete set of end-to-end events related to transmission metadata, messages, and errors that are involved in processing a transmission. By monitoring this activity, you can:

* Search for message metadata
* View and download the original payload
* Review errors and acknowledgment payloads

== Track Activity

After you establish message flow, you can track its activity:

. Open Anypoint Partner Manager.

Author: Fixed the activity tracking. Stet on the other.

. Select *Activity* from the left navigation.

> . Locate a transmission you are interested in viewing. Use the search box to find the transmission based on the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate a transmission you are interested in viewing by searching for any of the following:
```

+
* trading partner name
* message type
* filename
* control number
* endpoint

> * date the file was received

Reviewer: Begin each list item with a capital letter.

> . Select the transmission and review the summary information. The summary information contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the transmission and review the summary information, which contains:
```
QUESTION: do we really have to document the UI here?

+

> * The status of the transmission indicating either a success (Green check mark), or failure (red circle with an exclamation point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The status of the transmission: success (green checkmark) or failure (red circle with an exclamation point (!))
```

> * The name of the file that was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the file received
```

> * The control number associated with the file (if available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The control number associated with the file (if available)
```

> * The receiving endpoint at which the file was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The receiving endpoint of the file
```

> * The date and time when the file was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The date and time the file was received
```

> * The types of messages received (Depending on the message flows you configured).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The types of messages received, depending on the message flows you configured
```

```

> * The number of messages received in the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The number of messages received
```

+

> . Scan the Transmission Flow sections for an exclamation point (!) in any of the rectangle boxes next to the displayed flow stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scan the Transmission Flow sections for an exclamation point (!) in any of the rectangles next to the displayed flow stages.
```

> This indicates there is an issue with the transmission.

Reviewer: unnecessary; omit

+

> The Transmission Flow section shows the steps the file was processed in. For example, if:

Reviewer: HIDDEN

* the file was successfully received and routed
* an acknowledgement was sent back to the trading partner
* the message was appropriately transformed and routed to the target endpoint +

Reviewer: The text intro and this list do not make sense. And I'm not sure that it is even necessary, because the previous step implies that stages are shown, with indications if any was unsuccessful.
If anything, I suggest that we briefly extend the end of that step, something like this:
"...next to the displayed flow stages (for example, message reception, routing, acknowledgment, and so on)."

Author: Next release.

> . Click *View Payload* to view and download the original payload that was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To determine the cause of an exclamation point (!), click *View Payload* to view and download the original payload.
```

> Examining this can help determine where there might be a problem in the message flow.

Reviewer: See earlier suggestion for replacement.
